WIP: Ensure ansible output is parsable (#173)
ansible/ansible-language-server: docs/changelog-fragments.d/173.bugfix.md

> Disable ANSI escapes when running ansible and ansible-lint to prevent failure

Reviewer: Would this be more precise? It should be in the past tense or otherwise, suggest that it's changed since the previous release.
```suggestion
Turned off escaping ANSI codes when running ansible and ansible-lint to prevent failure
```
